Name: Aeris Meadows
Date: 5/2/2020

Project: Rona Rampage
Group's repository: https://github.com/njager/C220-Final-Project-of-Mangy-Macacques



What is something you learned by reviewing this group's project?
In trying to get the projectiles to fire both behind and in front of the player, the enountered issues and instead 
simply made a pivot and decided to just make firing behind or ahead into to seperate things. This pivoting and problem 
solving is inspiring, and helps show that becoming too connected to something can be a time waster, but growing from your
concepts can help complete your game in a faster time. 
 

In what ways does this game reflect the theme?
In this game you shoot germs away inside a bloodstream or intensines? inside the body. This game reflects the theme through
the lens of a virus fighting robot, and eventually destroying the big boss virus. 

 

What is something you saw in this group's project that you would like to apply to your own future games?
I loved the mechanic of having a boss at the end, and having to defeat it to win after defeating all the smaller enemies. 
Although its a simple concept, its well executed in this game. 

 

What suggestions would you have for this group to improve the game?
It might be difficult, but i would like to see a damage indicator to know when the germs have been hit, and not just missed, 
perhaps they could flash red for a moment. 

 

Was there anything in the GDScript that was confusing to you? If so, what?
The script seems clear and well laid out, with proper lines doing as they should. 
 

Is it clear that every group member participated?
Based on the ReadMe, everyone did their job well, with well laid out roles. 
 

Does the repository contain an appropriate LICENSE?
This repository contains only one name on the License, but that seems fine to me, as it is one of the creators. 
 

What is something the group could add to the README.md to make it more descriptive?
The ReadMe seems very descriptive already, I'm not sure theres much to add. 
 

Pay a compliment to the group based on the quality of the game.
The game was very enjoyable and i played it many times! If this is updated, i would love to play the updated version. 


How many of your points would you allocate to this project?
3 of 5 points. 

