Name:Omar Mohammed
Date:5/1/2020

Project: Rona Rampage 
Group's repository: https://github.com/njager/C220-Final-Project-of-Mangy-Macacques



What is something you learned by reviewing this group's project?

I learned about the setget tool, I think that was brought up before but I forgot about and it is just a useful thing to use.
 

In what ways does this game reflect the theme?

You play as a Gameboy looking character that goes around and cures/kills the virus.
 

What is something you saw in this group's project that you would like to apply to your own future games?

Other than setget which I brought up before, I would like to add the shooting mechanic they have for this game, I just like it and think
it could be built off of in creative ways.

What suggestions would you have for this group to improve the game?

Put things that you copy and paste like enemies or coins into little sub menus so the scene view is less messy, it was just really annoying.
You should also delete scenses you will not use, in this case game.tscn. Gameplay wise, the jumping fells really bad, making jumps was hard,
you did not go up that much, the arc is small, it limited the level design, I just think the jumping needs to make the character go higher
farther.


Was there anything in the GDScript that was confusing to you? If so, what?

No everything looked good


Is it clear that every group member participated?

Yes


Does the repository contain an appropriate LICENSE?

Yes
 

What is something the group could add to the README.md to make it more descriptive?

The READ ME was fine, I have no need to change it.


Pay a compliment to the group based on the quality of the game.

I think the game looks great, everthing is clear, it sounds good, I like the use of color. The game runs 100% fine, there was no bugs I could
find. While basic the boss was fun for a first boss. I think this is a great base to what could be a great game.

How many of your points would you allocate to this project?

2.5 (sorry I got two good projects so I have to split the points 50/50)
